README.md, before:

# Mapping tool - City history and its urban texture

## Description
The history and relics of a city and the cultural and political influence brought by them become part of the urban texture, making each city unique. This mapping tool studied the history of the city and its connection with the modern city to observe the impact of the cultural background on citizens in modern life(recreational or educational), and analyse how does history impact on the urban planning.

This is a file based on grasshopper. It takes some urban component related to city history and common urban elements like residential buildings and parks, to discover the historical influence to urban planning by integrating the information of the chosen site and present the site analysis in a effective and clear way.

## Example

### Overview:
![overview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88953049/130400550-82e7ea40-f262-4a9b-b8e7-34364dc24cda.JPG)
#### Legend

Yellow bubbles:  Historical Buidlings

Blue bubbles:    Schools

Blue lines:      200m From Schools to Buildings

Green grids:     Park Density

Orange dots:     Residential Area

### Detail 1:
![1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88953049/130400560-c6ed95d2-32d5-47c1-9cb8-73cede3e8189.JPG)

Through overlay these information, you can see the relation between historical buildings in a city and other city component that link to the recreation and education. For the initial version, I choose Residential and Parks to represent locations of common recreational activities; School to represent education location. 

### Detail 2:
![2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88953049/130400572-1c9485ea-882b-4e8b-b502-c4ee81aa51ef.JPG)

For future development I will bring more relevant components for users to choose, and make sure the tool will works with some of them.

## Future Development Direction



## Appendix
Please check the development log on Notion by link: <https://www.notion.so/3635634-Log-Bonnie-Zhang-4a6312dd05b04ed58b375f379b4b2d1c>.

Commit message:

Refine the tool using example

README.md, after:

# Mapping tool - City history and its urban texture

## Description
The history and relics of a city and the cultural and political influence brought by them become part of the urban texture, making each city unique. This mapping tool studied the history of the city and its connection with the modern city to observe the impact of the cultural background on citizens in modern life(recreational or educational), and analyse how does history impact on the urban planning.

This is a file based on grasshopper. It takes some urban component related to city history and common urban elements like residential buildings and parks, to discover the historical influence to urban planning by integrating the information of the chosen site and present the site analysis in a effective and clear way.

## Example

### Overview:
![overview 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88953049/131293310-743cb287-9f63-4f39-8876-3e871aea0816.JPG)
![3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88953049/131293326-870f49b2-9ae6-46e4-849f-5867ea49ef02.JPG)

This example shows the relation between historical buildings in Copenhagen and citizen that link to the recreation and education. For the initial version, I choose Residential and Parks to represent locations of common recreational activities; School to represent education location. 

### Detail 1:
![1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88953049/130400560-c6ed95d2-32d5-47c1-9cb8-73cede3e8189.JPG)

 From the map, historical buildings are mainly distributed in the southeast, while residential areas are mainly distributed in the west. However, most of them close to schools and some of them overlaps with parks, the historcial buildings have a strong connection with the activity area.

### Detail 2:
![2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88953049/130400572-1c9485ea-882b-4e8b-b502-c4ee81aa51ef.JPG)

The blue lines shows the distance <200m between schools and historical buildings, it is quite convenient to achieve these historical site for people in school gathering area.

In summary, the history of Copenhagen is an important part the city, many historical site are preserved. At the same time it has many intersections with people's lives, which has enriched the city's cultural background. The history also largely involved in the education of children, to keep the inheritance.

## Future Development Direction

For future development, will bring more components that related to urban planning to get more comprehensive information for analysing, and refine the historical elements that show on map.

## Appendix
Please check the development log on Notion by link: <https://www.notion.so/3635634-Log-Bonnie-Zhang-4a6312dd05b04ed58b375f379b4b2d1c>.
